Warn on case insensitive overload usage (#1413)
mono/linker: docs/error-codes.md

    public override void TestMethod<[DynamicallyAccessedMembers(DynamicallyAccessedMemberTypes.PublicFields)] T>() {}
  }
  ```

> #### `IL2096`: Trim analysis: Reflection call 'reflection call' inside 'calling method' is trying to make a case insensitive lookup which is not supported by ILLink"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `IL2096`: Trim analysis: Call to 'Type.GetType method' can perform case insensitive lookup of the type, currently ILLink can not guarantee presence of all the matching types"
```

There's no need to include the calling method, warnings always have location (origin) which is the calling method (or even more precisely the instruction).

  }
  ```

#### `IL2096`: Trim analysis: Call to 'Type.GetType method' can perform case insensitive lookup of the type, currently ILLink can not guarantee presence of all the matching types"

- Specifying a case-insensitive search on an overload of `System.Type.GetType` is not supported by ILLink. Specify false to perform a case-sensitive search or use an overload that does not use a ignoreCase bolean.

  ``` C#
  void TestMethod()
  {

>       // IL2096 Trim analysis: Reflection call 'System.Type.GetType(String,Boolean,Boolean)' is trying to make a case insensitive lookup which is not supported by ILLink

Reviewer: Nit - also change this to match the warning message
